CLI configuration option removal (#36)
SeisoLLC/easy_sast: README.md

    ```
1. Run the docker container, passing it your API credentials and mounting the directory containing your build artifacts into /build:
    ```bash
     docker run --env-file <(env | grep VERACODE_API_KEY_) -v "/path/to/build":/build easy_sast:latest
    ```

Additional details and configuration options are outlined in [usage](#usage) and on the [wiki](https://github.com/SeisoLLC/easy_sast/wiki/).

## Usage
### Command-line
```bash
usage: main.py [-h] [--config-file CONFIG_FILE] [--version]
               [--debug | --verbose]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help                          show this help message and exit
  --config-file CONFIG_FILE           specify a config file
  --version                           show program's version number and exit
  --debug                             enable debug level logging
  --verbose                           enable info level logging
```

> There are numerous ways to pass information into a running docker container.  For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two recommended methods to pass information into easy_sast at runtime:
```

>  1. Pass environment variables to `docker run` using [`--env-file`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#the-env_file-configuration-option). For example:

Reviewer: Need to stick with docker engine documentation, not docker compose.

```suggestion
 1. Pass environment variables to `docker run` using [`--env-file`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file). For example:
```

     ```bash
     export VERACODE_API_KEY_ID=EXAMPLE

>      export VERACODE_API_KEY_SECRET=EXAMPLE

Reviewer: We add a note to "Integration requirements" that the creds need to be exported as VERACODE_API_KEY_ID and VERACODE_API_KEY_SECRET env vars.

Author: Moved these notes into "Integration Requirements".

     docker run --env-file <(env | grep VERACODE_API_KEY_) -v "/path/to/build":/build easy_sast:latest
     ```
 1. You may also want to pass an argument to the Python in the container by appending your arguments to `docker run`. For example:
     ```bash
     docker run -e VERACODE_API_KEY_ID=EXAMPLE easy_sast:latest --workflow check_compliance
     ```

>  1. Finally, you can load environment variables [`from a file`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) during `docker run`, for example:

Reviewer: While it's possible to do this, I don't want to outline something in the top level `README.md` that we don't recommend.  Let's just remove this whole third example.

    ```

Additional details and configuration options are outlined in [usage](#usage) and on the [wiki](https://github.com/SeisoLLC/easy_sast/wiki/).

## Usage
### Command-line
```bash
usage: main.py [-h] [--config-file CONFIG_FILE] [--version]
               [--debug | --verbose]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help                          show this help message and exit
  --config-file CONFIG_FILE           specify a config file
  --version                           show program's version number and exit
  --debug                             enable debug level logging
  --verbose                           enable info level logging
```
There are two recommended methods to pass information into easy_sast at runtime:
 1. Pass environment variables to `docker run` using [`--env-file`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file). For example:
     ```bash
     docker run --env-file <(env | grep VERACODE_API_KEY_) -v "/path/to/build":/build seiso/easy_sast:latest
     ```
 1. You may also want to pass an argument to the Python in the container by appending your arguments to `docker run`. For example:
     ```bash

>      docker run -e VERACODE_API_KEY_ID=EXAMPLE seiso/easy_sast:latest --debug

Reviewer: Whups missed that this does't have both -e SECRET and ID.  Let's add
